a) What is Git and how is it different than github?
Git is a system used by developers to organize, distribute, and test different versions of code within the same shared software development project. Different aspects of the project can be placed into different repositories and branches as they are further developed. When they are ready for testing, these new versions of code can be moved to a testing phase where they are tested, without committing the changes to the original code. Once newer versions have passed testing, they can be merged into the master branch and integrated into the original permanent code of the project. Different versions of code can exist simultaneously, and be tracked, at different stages of development, without interrupting or affecting the original code. GitHub is not the system, but a platform that allows for a visual representation of the saved git repositories and different versions of code. it allows for distribution of the original code that can then be used to make changes, and an easier collaboration experience between different users as they push their saved versions of edited code into GitHub.

b) Why use the terminal?
The use of the terminal allows for a more direct approach of telling the system what you need from it, and what you expect to get from it. Computer users that only use the Graphical User Interface  are limited to what they are allowed to choose from and do in a system. if there is not a specific button for the action the user needs, then there is nothing left to do. the user is limited to the functions and actions that are only visually available to click on. When using the terminal, the user can delete or try to create a series of actions based on a sequence of commands, that may not have been originally offered as part of the visually available GUI. The user can communicate more efficiently with the computer system and state what has to be done, instead of being limited by the preset provided by the computer. 

c) Explain 3 benefits version control in your own words.
Using version control in software development has multiple benefits. The first, is that multiple versions of the same code can exist simultaneously without having to take down or alter the original code that may already be running an app or website. Interruption to the website or app is not necessary, in order to work on and test possible changes. In addition to this, different branches can be created to address different areas of the original code that need improvement and can be worked on by different people at the same time, or even be saved and picked up by a new team member later down the line. It allows for multitasking within a group of developers working on the same project. Lastly, the ability to save changes at different stages of development and use pull requests, can allow for more up to date project completion status and more efficient project management.

